Batch - temporary layer (#9907)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing/batch.rst

as a single process. Depending on the algorithm, the output can be:

* skipped, if the cell is left empty
* saved as a plain file (:file:`.SHP`, :file:`.GPKG`, :file:`.XML`, :file:`.PDF`, :file:`.JPG`,...):
  choose :guilabel:`Select File/Folder...` from the :guilabel:`...` drop-down.
* saved as a temporary layer: fill the cell with your chosen output name,
  select |checkbox| :guilabel:`Create Temporary Layer` from the :guilabel:`...` drop-down, and remember
  to tick the |checkbox| :guilabel:`Load layers on completion` checkbox.

>   For both, temporary layers and plain files you can set the path with the
>   :guilabel:`Autofill` options exposed :ref:`beforehand <batch_parameters>`.

Reviewer: There is no real path you can set for temporary layers. So either we add specific comment for each ("path" vs "layer name") or go with this kind of generic formulation:
```suggestion
  For both temporary layers and plain files, you can construct the output with the
  :ref:`Autofill <batch_parameters>` options exposed beforehand.
```
And let's add the URL on the "main object"

as a single process. Depending on the algorithm, the output can be:

* skipped, if the cell is left empty
* saved as a temporary layer: fill the cell with your chosen ``OUTPUT_NAME``,
  select |checkbox| :guilabel:`Create Temporary Layer` from the drop-down, and remember
  to tick the |checkbox| :guilabel:`Load layers on completion` checkbox.

> * saved as a plain file (:file:`.SHP`, :file:`.GPKG`, :file:`.XML`, :file:`.PDF`, :file:`.JPG`,...)

Reviewer: Happens if you click on "select file/folder" from the drop-down
